Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
ATF has me.
Said they’re gonna tell
Jimmy I was a rat.
I didn’t help!
Got to convince Jimmy
you’d do anything
for the cause.
Kill that ATF bitch.
Box you put me in,
you give me no choice.
I guess Da raised
a little Irish pussy.
Oh! Oh!
- [gunshots]
- [Edmond groans]
Shit.
Tara:
That woman, who is she?
She’s the one who told me
her baby was choking.
That rape would have
destroyed most women.
Whatever it is
you think you have to do,
you’re past it.
This is how I do my part.
Half-Sack:
Hey, where’s she going?
Stay here.
She may need to
get out fast.
Eddy?
Oh, God.
Put down the gun.
[groans]
[sighs]
Was she involved
in the rape?
I’m sorry that
that happened to you.
And now what happens?
Go. I’m giving you a chance.
- Hey.
- What are you doing?
You need to put down
the gun.
You are a smart bitch.
This is Stahl.
Clay Morrow’s old lady
took my gun.
Edmond ran for the door.
Gemma shot him
in the back
with my weapon.
He’s dead.
Mother Mary.
I need a little help.
I’m on the lam.
Unser:
Any idea where
we’re headed?
No.
Where’s Gemma?
Feds raided the house.
I had to leave.
- What’s the matter?
- It’s Gemma.
She followed
Zobelle’s daughter into–
[Tara gasps]
Tara?
Gemma killed my Eddy.
Son for a son.
No!
[groans]
- [Tara sobbing]
- [Abel crying]
Something’s wrong.
I got to go.
Irish took my grandson.
He took my son!
[screaming]
[slow acoustic tune playing]
♪ No milk today ♪
♪ My love has gone away ♪
♪ The bottle stands forlorn ♪
♪ A symbol of the dawn ♪
♪ No milk today ♪
♪ It seems a common sight ♪
♪ But people passing by ♪
♪ Don’t know the reason why ♪
♪ No milk today ♪
♪ It wasn’t always so ♪
♪ The company was gay ♪
♪ They’d turn night into day ♪
♪ But all that’s left ♪
♪ Is a place dark and lonely ♪
♪ A terraced house ♪
♪ In a mean street
back of town ♪
♪ Becomes a shrine ♪
♪ When I think of you only ♪
♪ Just two up ♪
♪ Two down ♪
[knocking at door]
Laroy called.
They found the guy.
Okay.
You talk to Tig?
Yeah.
They moved Gemma to a motel
outside Rogue River–
club-friendly.
Look, Tig and the Oregon guys,
they’ll take care of her.
She’s gonna be okay.
I don’t want her
finding out about Abel.
I know.
Had to tell her about Sack.
That shit’s been
all over the papers,
but the kidnapping
hasn’t hit the news.
We should be able
to protect her from it.
Where is he?
PD let ’em back into
the house yesterday.
Let’s go get him.
It’s okay.
I’ll stay here, tidy up.
♪ The bottle stands forlorn ♪
♪ A symbol of the dawn ♪
Nursery.
[phone rings]
Hello.
Shit. Jax.
Jackie boy.
Come on, kid.
He’s been like this
since it happened.
I don’t know what to do.
We’ll take care of him.
We got some info on Abel.
Laroy found a guy
who made some I.D.
for Cameron.
Hey.
Jackie boy.
Come on, shower.
Come on.
Come on, kid.
Hold on, sweetheart.
[shower running]
Love on the line.
Thanks, Bobby.
- Hello, my love.
- Gemma: Hey, baby.
You doing all right?
Yeah.
Place okay?
It’s a–
It’s a shithole,
but I’m safe.
Burying the prospect today?
Wake tonight,
funeral tomorrow.
I should be there.
I know.
I miss you so much.
I miss you, too.
We’ll figure
this shit out, baby.
Oh, yeah, I know that.
I love you.
Can I talk to Jax?
- He just, uh,
jumped in the shower.
- Okay.
Hey, kiss Abel for me.
Tell my boys I love ’em.
Absolutely.
We’ll talk later, right?
Yeah.
Bye.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Thanks.
Can I– Can I talk to
you for a second?
Sure.
Hale pushed it back
as far as he could,
but I have to talk
to Stahl and the FBI today,
tell them what I saw.
Okay.
Well, I tried to ask
Jax what I should...
As much of the truth
as you can.
We want everybody
looking for Abel.
Just give ’em the basics.
Feds know who Cameron is,
his real IRA ties.
All you got to do
is leave out the details
about our association.
But if those details
help find him–
They won’t.
Cameron killed Sack
and he took my grandson
because Stahl lied
and framed Gemma.
That’s the real truth.
Hey.
You’ve done good,
sweetheart.
You really stepped up.
You’re the best thing
that happened to Jax.
We’re all so glad
you’re around.
Can you ride?
Yeah.
Give me a minute.
I think you blame me.
This has nothing
to do with you.
None of it does.
None of it?
I’m sorry this happened.
I had no right
asking you for this.
Asking me for what?
Wanting you to stay,
be part of what I am–
I didn’t think it through.
Obviously, I do that.
I don’t
think shit through–
what it might do
to other people.
I’m not other people.
You should have gone
back to Chicago.
The shit that
happened with Kohn...
that should
have been the end.
You’re not making sense.
This has to be the end.
You got to get out
from Charming,
away from me.
Jax, you...
you can’t
just expect me to–
Just– Tara...
Please don’t
complicate it, okay?
It’s simple.
You don’t belong here.
[door closes]
[motorcycle engine revving]
Clay:
This the guy?
Yeah, that’s him.
Laroy:
Hey, tell him
what you know.
I think I did some work
for the Irishman
you’re looking for.
Is that him?
Yeah, that’s him.
What kind of papers?
Irish passport,
American travel visa.
Means he’s trying
to leave the country.
Clay:
What name’s he using?
Timothy O’Dell–
Belfast address.
You do an ID for a baby?
No.
No, he came alone.
It don’t mean
nothing, brother.
If he still had Abel,
he’d need a passport
to get him
out of the country.
Maybe Cameron’s
still local.
Yeah, or maybe
he went someplace else
for Abel’s ID.
Someone trying to hide–
hide a kid, I mean, uh,
he’s not gonna get
any papers from me.
I-I don’t want
that kind of trouble.
Where’d you meet this guy?
Chinatown.
Any public marinas nearby?
Alice Street.
I’ll call our friend,
see if a Timothy O’Dell’s
got a boat there.
Thanks, Mr. Magoo.
All right.
Okay.
[distant train
whistle blowing]
I hear you’re
moving offices.
Yeah. It’ll be
official next Thursday.
That’s good.
You deserve it.
Thanks.
So, what do you need, Jake?
It’s been a rough week.
Yeah.
That shit with Zobelle...
I’m sorry.
Doesn’t matter now.
He’s Interpol’s problem.
Weston’s dead,
courtesy of Clay,
I’m sure.
I saw an opportunity
I thought could
help this town.
Yeah, I know.
So, how are the mayoral
plans shaping up?
Well, it looks like
it’s me and Oswald
in the primary.
No one on
the Democratic ticket.
Primary is the race.
Think you can beat him?
I don’t know.
He’s got money,
got a lot of relationships.
I’m gonna need
the Chief of Police
in my corner.
I’m with you, Jake.
That’s good to know,
brother.
[seagulls cawing]
Unser said it was slip 39.
Nobody gets past here.
Right.
You with us?
Yeah.
[boat horn
sounds in distance]
[Bobby muttering]
Empty.
Clay:
Rip it up.
Got to be something.
Shit.
Hey.
What the hell you doing?
I got to borrow a ride.
What are you
talking about?
Is that your truck?
Hey, you’re not doing this.
Let go of me!
I’m sorry.
Yeah.
Look, I–
I got to go home.
Oh.
He needs me.
Shit.
APB went wide,
sweetheart.
That means every cop
in five states
knows your face.
Come on.
The Feds, they’ve offered
ten K for any info.
We got to sit tight.
Sorry.
Found a receipt
from the Marina.
Paid cash.
Couldn’t find
nothing else.
Yeah.
Needle’s on empty.
He wasn’t planning
no sea voyage.
Let’s put this
piece of shit
out of commission.
- Quietly.
- Absolutely.
Who are these
fine dark fellows?
Looking nervous.
[indistinct chatter]
Clay:
Check it out.
He’s totally gone, man.
[seagulls screeching]
I got this.
Here we go.
Let’s go! Let’s go!
Move! Move! Move!
What are you doing?
Let’s make sure he doesn’t
take any more boat rides.
Give me the hat.
I’ll give it back
when we find him.
Because we are
gonna find him.
You hear me?
[tires squealing]
[engine revving]
♪ ’Cause I can’t stop,
can’t stop now ♪
♪ Turn your face around,
turn your face around ♪
♪ Listen up now,
listen up now ♪
♪ Sick of working
that 9 to 5 ♪
♪ We fight to stay alive ♪
[gunshot]
[horn honking]
♪ Now I’ll take
whatever’s mine ♪
♪ We gonna bring it
to your house ♪
[engines revving]
♪ It’s Mr. Chuck ♪
♪ You know I bring it fresh ♪
Oh, shit.
Go! I’m all right.
Go, man!
I’m all right!
I’m all right.
♪ Till we push ’em
on the side ♪
♪ Man, oh,
we gonna bring it
to your house ♪
Thanks, brother.
♪ So get on down
and hit the ground ♪
♪ One, two, three,
just hit the ground ♪
♪ We gonna bring it
to your house ♪
♪ So get on down
and hit the ground ♪
♪ It’s home invasion,
baby, one, two, three ♪
I’m getting my gun!
Smash on these fools!
♪ Just hit the ground ♪
Oh, shit!
[dog barking]
Put your shit down!
Put it down!
- [dogs barking]
- Put ’em down!
Just a friendly
visit, boys.
Oh, yeah?
Why’d this asshole
try to blow our
heads off, then?
Just trying to get
your attention.
Oh, well, you got
it now, bitch!
I got his attention.
I see that.
Now what?
Bobby:
We weren’t after you
at the docks.
The red boat,
the beater?
We’re looking for
the guy who owns it.
We own that shit now.
The guy that did own it...
he kidnapped
my 8-month-old son.
Irish dude?
Yeah.
Three days ago
he said he needed
some quick cash.
Met him down at the docks
with the boat, some AKs.
He told us where
to find the car,
but he didn’t have
no kid with him, though.
All right, hey, thanks.
So, how’s the old man?
Still dead.
You know, I hear
that happens.
What are you doing,
cruising for widows?
No.
Making arrangements
for Half-Sack’s hole,
and I’m tired of
this run, so...
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
You, uh, you want to
bounce something off of me?
I mean, I’m not
as smart as J.T.,
but I’ve been known
to have my moments.
I’m good.
Jax, we don’t, uh–
We don’t have
shrinks or priests.
You don’t want to
talk to me,
that’s fine.
Are you gonna talk
to somebody in this club
and work this shit out?
I’ve been trying to find some
kind of balance, Piney,
right thing for
my family, club.
Every time I think
maybe I’m heading in
the right direction,
I end up in a place
I never even knew
could feel this bad.
What did I do, man?
Look, you’re loyal,
and decent,
you love the right things.
That’s who he was...
And I miss him.
I miss him.
When Cameron
grabbed the baby,
where were you?
I...
slid down onto the floor
next to Half-S...
Kip’s body.
He didn’t say anything;
why he was taking the baby?
About his son
being killed? Ransom?
I told you, no.
The smallest detail
can help us.
He forced me
into the nursery,
tied me up,
then left with Abel.
He didn’t say a word.
I don’t know anything else.
The CHP, the sheriffs,
got nothing new on the kid.
It’s not looking good.
I’m sorry.
Did you run the name?
No Timothy O’Dell
in the San Joaquin database.
I’m doing everything I can.
I know you are.
How’s our girl doing?
Tig get her up north okay?
Yeah, she’s fine.
Probably best
I don’t give you
too many details.
Tell her I asked
about her, all right?
Hey. Hey!
You ain’t no use
to your family
in a federal lockup.
Just give me a minute.
Let’s see if she talks
about him.
- It’s okay.
- Great.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I’m fine, too, thanks.
You know, I find it
very hard to believe
that you never
bumped into Cameron Hayes
before the other day.
Been in town for months
running guns for your
future father-in-law.
And I find it hard to believe
you’ve still got a badge
after what you did to Gemma.
What I did?
Gemma came in guns blazing.
I barely escaped
with my life.
You’re a despicable woman.
Stay out of my business.
Or what, Doctor, hmm?
Or you’re gonna have
one of Jax’s boys
gun me down?
I don’t need a boy
to handle my shit.
You stay away
from my family.
Well, Gemma trains ’em well.
I’ll give her that.
Where is she, Clay?
No idea.
Well, we’ll find her.
From what I hear,
that’s not gonna matter
much for you.
Chief tells me you
really pissed
off the FBI
stepping on a three-year
neo-Nazi sting.
Lot of bad guys out there.
Sometimes the pursuit
gets a little...
messy, you know?
Is that why your bosses
pulled you off the Irish?
’Cause it got
a little messy?
Seems avoiding
the bad shooting hit
didn’t do you much good,
after all.
All you did by framing Gemma
was get a man killed
and a baby kidnapped.
Anything happens
to my grandson,
anything, I promise you,
I’m gonna shove a gun barrel
up that bony ass of yours
and I’m gonna blow
your black heart out.
Jesus Christ.
[men conversing]
All right.
[engine sputters]
[vehicle passes]
Aah, goddamn it!
[keypad beeping]
- [grunts]
- [phone rings]
Oh! Really?
Oh!
- Oh, shit!
- What the hell?!
[Gemma grunts]
You stealing my car, bitch?
No, I’m the valet,
shithead!
I’ll kill you.
[screaming]
Are you out of
your goddamn mind?
Yeah, maybe a little.
Tig: Jesus.
You all right?
I’m okay.
Gemma, you almost cut
the guy’s joint off.
If I wanted him dickless,
it’d be laying on
the ground next to him.
It’s a flesh wound.
Oh, good. Well,
that flesh wound’s
going to cost this club
a shitload of favors.
You know you’re
not going to be able
to keep me here, right?
I’m going whether
you like it or not.
Gemma, why you
doing this to me? Why?
I promised Clay
I would keep you safe.
Then you better come
with me, Tigger.
Starting incision.
[gasps]
Are you all right?
I need to–
Can you do this?
Dr. Knowles?
[panting]
I’ll finish up.
I got it.
You should go.
No.
I didn’t come
back to Charming
to run away from Cohn.
And I didn’t stay because
of what we did to him.
Doesn’t matter now.
When Donna was killed,
those things you said to me
in the hospital
about my life being
a series of hit and runs,
that my face
was the only one you saw–
I shouldn’t have
said that shit.
It was the truth!
I have created this
very serious life for myself.
And when I’m inside it,
I barely know myself.
I have these moments sometimes
in the middle of a surgery
when suddenly
I’m aware of my–
my hands, you know,
doing these
extraordinary things.
And I think,
"Whose hands are these?
What am I–
What am I doing here?"
When I’m with you,
I never ask that question.
I’m not the answer.
Look at me.
Look at this.
I am always looking at it.
My brain never stops.
Why am I here?
You know, should I be here?
Am I afraid to stay,
afraid to go,
afraid to be a mother?
Shit, it’s endless.
I drive myself crazy.
None of that matters.
I know.
That’s become so clear to me.
The noise doesn’t matter.
We don’t know who we are
until we’re connected
to someone else.
We’re just
better human beings
when we’re with
the person we’re
supposed to be with.
I wasn’t supposed to leave.
I belong here.
Hey, Gem, you know,
maybe we should
have called first.
Nah.
He never answers
the phone.
That was her job.
Come on.
[doorbell chimes]
[knocking]
Can I help you?
Man: If it’s those
colored boys again,
you tell ’em we don’t need
any more magazines.
Just tell the reverend
I’m not here
to sell him any
magazines.
I’m his daughter.
Sorry. I didn’t know
you were coming by.
Gemma.
I’m Tig.
Amelia.
I’m his caregiver.
Your mom hired me
about six months ago
when she couldn’t
handle him anymore.
I live in.
I didn’t know
he got that bad.
How’s he doing?
Depends.
Some days he’s
sharper than me.
Others he barely
knows where he is.
Does he know Rose died?
Some folks from
the church came by,
tried to tell him.
But trauma like that,
it usually sends them
deeper into the dementia.
It’s probably for the best.
Excuse me, you got
a place I can wash up?
- Sure, yeah.
- Yeah?
Just this way.
Hi, Daddy.
It’s Gemma.
Oh, my– My God!
I...
My baby girl!
Yeah.
It’s me. It’s me.
[sobbing]
Your...
your mama’s gonna be
so glad to see you.
Rose? Rose?
Rosie!
Where are you,
sweetie?
You’ll never guess
who’s here.
Rosie?
Oh, she’s probably–
She’s probably down
at Potenta’s
getting her hair done.
Yeah.
Sit with me.
Okay, Daddy.
Come on, Daddy.
Here...
Yeah, she’ll be back soon.
I hope not.
Come here.
Mr. President,
good to see you.
Uh-huh, such a shame.
Yeah.
[indistinct conversations]
It’s unbelievable.
Archbishop Dome
didn’t get this
kind of turnout
when he passed.
Makes folks a little
nervous when they see
SAMCRO vulnerable.
It’s not supposed to happen
to them in Charming.
Well, they should get nervous.
See these scumbags
for what they really are.
Thanks for coming down.
Yeah.
Sorry about the prospect.
I liked that little guy.
I was just telling Kozik
that we need bodies
around our table.
We’re so deep in our shit,
forgetting to grow
club ranks.
Got three hanger-ons
we can bring up.
Filthy-Phil,
Shepard and Miles.
Good.
Happy’s tired of nomading.
He’d rather land here
than up north.
Happy’s a welcome addition.
Tell them.
Tacoma’s growing
a little thick.
I was hoping to jump
to a smaller charter.
You thinking about
coming back to Charming?
Yeah, gonna put in a request
to transfer next church.
That in’s on Tig,
brother.
We’ll make it happen.
All right, man.
We will?
[organ playing softly]
Clay:
Made it through
Iraqi minefields,
only to get taken out
in a goddamn kitchen.
How you holding up, son?
I’m okay.
You talk to Mom?
Yeah, this morning.
She’s good.
Worried about her family.
She doesn’t know about Abel.
She’d take it on,
make it her burden.
That wouldn’t be
helping anybody.
Makes sense.
Makes sense for you, too.
Probably 40, 50 patches
watching us right now.
We represent the past, present,
and future of this club.
Sure, the Sons are
a democratic organization,
but everybody
knows what happens
in Charming
sets the tone
for every charter.
And what’s happening
in Charming?
You tell me.
These men behind us,
they love you.
They respect you
and they understand your grief.
But they’re also wondering
what you’re gonna do with it.
That’s my business.
No, it isn’t.
None of these guys
are old enough to remember
what happened
to your old man.
How he fell apart,
lost focus when
Thomas died.
Yeah, well,
I’m not my old man.
I know that,
but they don’t.
You gotta show ’em something.
Make the hard choice, son.
And what choice
would that be?
Either Abel is dead,
and you want revenge,
or he’s alive,
and you would kill
to find him.
Now if you can’t
make that decision,
then you better get down
on your hands and knees
and pray for something
to get you there...
fast.
[bluesy rock song plays]
♪ Out in the desert ♪
♪ There’s a soldier
laying dead ♪
♪ Vultures pecking the eyes
out of his head ♪
♪ Another day, that could
have been me there instead ♪
♪ Nobody loves me here ♪
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
♪ You hit that booby trap ♪
♪ And you’re in pieces ♪
♪ With every bullet
your risk increases ♪
♪ Old Ali Baba,
he’s a different species ♪
♪ Nobody loves me here ♪
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
Mother of Christ!
Mo, can I talk to you?
Cammy, what are
you doing here?
Please, Maureen?
Get in quick,
before anybody sees you.
Get that child
out of the damp.
Thank you.
♪ I’m dead meat in
my Humvee Frankenstein ♪
♪ I hit the roadblock ♪
♪ Somehow I never
hit the mine ♪
♪ The dice rolled
and I got lucky this time ♪
♪ And Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
♪ Got a wife and kid,
another on the way ♪
♪ I might get home
if I can live through today ♪
♪ Before I came out here
I never used to pray ♪
♪ Nobody loves me here ♪
♪ And Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
♪ Dad’s in a bad mood,
Dad’s got the blues ♪
♪ It’s someone else’s mess
that I didn’t choose ♪
♪ At least we’re winning ♪
[people gasping, screaming]
♪ Nobody loves me here ♪
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
Go, go, go!
♪ Dawn patrol went out
and didn’t come back ♪
♪ Hug the wire and pray
like I told you, Mac ♪
♪ Or they’ll be shoveling
bits of you into a sack ♪
♪ And Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
Oh, shit!
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
Oh, God...
Down!
Down! Down!
Woman:
That’s my baby boy!
Oh, my God!
He’s hurt!
Somebody get help!
Somebody get...
Don’t move!
Woman:
Help me!
Tell me he’s gonna be okay.
My baby!
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me! ♪
♪ Another angel
got his wings this week ♪
♪ Charbroiled with
his own Willie Pete ♪
Shit!
♪ Dad’s gonna kill me ♪
♪ Dad’s ♪
♪ Gonna kill me ♪